  # Audio World Clock

The World Clock Scraper is a Python program developed as part of the CS50 Introduction to Python Programming course. It scrapes a website to extract real-time world clock information, creates a dictionary of city names and their corresponding times, and provides the option to display the information in text format or with audio output using text-to-speech.
Features

    Web scraping: The program utilizes the BeautifulSoup library to scrape a website and extract the world clock information.
    Data extraction: It parses the HTML content using lxml and retrieves the city names and their respective times.
    Dictionary creation: The extracted data is organized into a dictionary, where the city names serve as keys and the times as values.
    Command-line interface: The program accepts command-line arguments to specify the city and the desired output format.
    Text output: It displays the city name and current time in text format, using ASCII art generated by the pyfiglet library for an enhanced visual representation.
    Audio output: With the help of the pyttsx3 library, the program can also provide audio output by converting the time information to speech.
    Error handling: The program includes error handling mechanisms using the sys module to handle invalid city names and network connection errors.

Dependencies

The World Clock Scraper relies on the following Python libraries:

    BeautifulSoup4: Used for web scraping and parsing the HTML content.
    pyfiglet: Utilized for generating ASCII art for visual representation of the city name and time.
    requests: Used for making HTTP requests to retrieve the website content.
    pyttsx3: Employed for converting the time information into speech for audio output.
    sys: Utilized for error handling and exiting the program in case of exceptions.

Usage

To use the World Clock Scraper, follow these steps:

    Install the required dependencies by running pip install -r requirements.txt in your terminal.
    Execute the program using the command python main.py --sound --city [CITY] to get both audio and text output, or python main.py --city [CITY] to get only text output.
    Replace [CITY] with the name of the desired city to retrieve its current time.
    The program will display the city name and time in text format, and if the --sound flag is provided, it will also pronounce the time using text-to-speech.

Example

To get the current time in New York with both audio and text output, run the following command:

python project.py --sound --city Bucharest
